# SUTEX
> Learning in New dimension


## Getting About
>most of the existing portals are lacking in some of the very important features that are essential for today's learning such as time table integrated classroom, one to one intraction between student and teacher, proper assessment system, attendance system and top of that the security features. All these features are essential to cause better learning in an easy environment. We have surveyed various lms portals such as google classroom, Thapar LMS, Blackboard but none of them qualifies the benchmarking. In google classroom the courses are to be generated by the teacher as a individual classroom. We found this practice not good for a teacher it wastes lots of time in managing these classrooms. Secondly teachers are not able to maintain the record of students those are attending their online session. Thirdly, the google classrooms does not provide a automatic link which is integrated with time table to the teachers and the students. In thapar LMS the server hung up when 2 or 3 persons log in at a time and the UI/UX is not up to the mark and the sometimes assignment is not uploaded and stuck in between. Over and above the most advance feature which we are offering to our SUTEX platform is AR/VR capabilities. In existing LMS platforms the learning materials is of static in nature only whereas in our platform we are offering the augumented reality base learning in the materials

## seeded credentials
###### admin login details
> id - parvg555
> password- parvgupta

## getting started
